d1: fix minor typo (#9000)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/_partials/_d1-pricing.md

---
_build:
  publishResources: false
  render: never
  list: never
---

{{<Aside type="note">}}

> The alpha [currently limits](/d1/platform/limits/) maximum database size to 100MB and allows a total of 10 databases across all plans. Pricing below is not yet final.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The alpha [currently limits](/d1/platform/limits/) maximum database size to 100 MB and allows a total of 10 databases across all [Workers plans](/workers/platform/pricing/#workers). Pricing below is not yet final.
```

{{</Aside>}}

|                                 | [Workers Free](/workers/platform/pricing/#workers) | [Workers Paid](/workers/platform/pricing/#workers)                 |
| ------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Read units (per 4KB scanned)    | 5 million / day                                    | First 25 billion / month included  + $0.001 / million units |
| Write units (per 1KB written)   | 100,000 / day                                      | First 50 million / month included + $1.00 / million units |
| Storage (per GB stored)         | 1GB (total)                                        | First 5GB included + $0.75 / GB-mo |

Notes:

> 1. Read units measure how much data a query reads (scans), in units of 4KB. For example, if you have a table with 5000 rows, with each row ~200 bytes, and run a `SELECT * FROM table`, your query would scan (5000 rows * 0.2KB / 4KB read unit) 1000 KB in total, or 250 read units.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Read units measure how much data a query reads (scans), in units of 4 KB. For example, if you have a table with 5000 rows, with each row ~200 bytes, and run a `SELECT * FROM table`, your query would scan (5000 rows * 0.2KB / 4KB read unit) 1000 KB in total, or 250 read units.
```
